She said, "Be honest with how you feel"
I said, "That's easier said than done"
I said, "Don't worry about the future"
She said, "That's easier said than done"
Well, it is
'Cause true love, it ain't easy, no
(Ah-ah, ah)
She said, "Just show me this love is real"
I said, "That's easier said than done"
I said, "Just trust the way you feel"
She said, "That's easier said than done"
Well, it is
'Cause true love, it ain't easy, no
True love, true love
It's worth it in the end (ooh)
Yes, it is
True love, true love
It's worth it in the end (ooh)
Yes, it is
True love, true love (I know that)
It's worth it in the end
It's worth it, darling
True love, true love
It's worth it in the end
Ooh-ooh, ooh
It's easier said than done
Well, it is
'Cause true love, it ain't easy, no
No, no
True love, it ain't easy
Ahh, true love, it ain't easy
Ooh, ooh-ooh, ooh
It ain't easy